Zhao Zhao, let me get it for you, thank you new daddy
But I'm a man.
I'll do it myself
Wow, this is the house you bought.
Wow, they look expensive.
Didn't you ask Gao to buy a smaller house?
I didn't rent it, I rented it.
Then let's go AA
I'll just come without the expenses at home
Oh, right.
I bought you all new toiletries.
See what else you need.
Mm, thank you.
Thanks
Did this beautiful aunt really spoil my mother?
I have a mother too. I should
What are the stars doing there? Come here
For you.
Thank you Shin Shin
Shin Shin never gets close to anyone
But the lady who came over from Auntie also
Forgot to buy a gift.
Gave it to Duke Song Lan
Can you wait for Auntie to come back and make it up for you?
Humph
So nice
Let's put our luggage in the room first
Well, let's go.
It's the following.
We are flash marriage
No emotional foundation
Sleep in separate rooms first
Ah, yes, I think it's fine.
Then you clean up first
Call me anytime you need anything
Hey wait a minute
What's wrong, Mr. Feng?
It's the following.
Chaochao kindergarten requires a hukou
Because I wasn't married before.
So I never gave it to him.
He got married to register his children
See when you have time to arrive at the previous number.
Let's go to the police station together and give him a household registration book.
Well, it can be done tomorrow.
Excellent. Thank you.
Hello Mr. Feng
Zhaozhao and I have arrived at the entrance of the police station
Where have you been?
I'm so sorry.
I just dealt with something at the company.
Are you on your way here now?
It's alright, it's still early, take your time
Yo, Brother Song Nan
Hey spider look
This is not the Song Jiajia who stole your identity
Qian Jin Song Nan?